---
layout: post
title: Journey to ICRA 2023
date: 2023-6-4 11:12:00-0400
description: My experience this week at the IEEE International Conference of Robotics and Automation
tags: ICRA Robotics Swarm Agriculture
categories: sample-posts
related_posts: false
---

This week, I had the opportunity to attend IEEE's International Conference of Robotics and Automation, or in short, <a href="">ICRA</a>, in London. In this post, I describe my favorite papers and their key takeaways.

## Decentralized Planner for Multi-Robot Coverage

This paper aims to provide multi-robot systems with a way for multiple robots to efficiently survey an area with minimal overlap in a decentralized way. That is, given a certain number of tartegts on the ground, drones communicate with their neighboors to efficiently plan. 

The brain of each drone is composed of two parts. First, there is a perception network which allows the robot to see the number of targets on the ground. Then, there is a planner network wich gives the robots actions to do at any time step: move in any direction or do nothing.

The interesting part of this approach is that both the perception network *and* the planner network are connected. This way, they are trained together, achieving better results than classical planners. This approach is also what justifies the need for a differentiable planner network, as differentiability is necessary for the backpropagation to go all the way to the perception network.

## Controls for a Butterfly Robot

## Matching plant leaves
Statistical shape representations for temporal registration of plant components in 3D

## Using NeRF to build simulation scenes from a single camera

deepmind

## 

A Hybrid Cable-Driven Robot for Non-Destructive Leafy Plant Monitoring and Mass Estimation using Structure from Motion




